Give an algorithm for finding maximum element in binary tree.
Give an algorithm for finding the maximum element in binary tree without recursion
Give an algorithm for searching an element in binary tree.
Give an algorithm for searching an element in binary tree without recursion.
Give an algorithm for inserting an element into binary tree
Give an algorithm for finding the size of binary tree.
Can we solve Problem-6 without recursion?
Give an algorithm for printing the level order data in reverse order. For example, the output for the below tree should be: 4 5 6 7 2 3 1
Give an algorithm for deleting the tree
Give an algorithm for finding the height (or depth) of the binary tree.
Can we solve Problem-10 without recursion?
Give an algorithm for finding the deepest node of the binary tree.
Give an algorithm for deleting an element (assuming data is given) from binary tree.
Give an algorithm for finding the number of leaves in the binary tree without using recursion.
Give an algorithm for finding the number of full nodes in the binary tree without using recursion.
Give an algorithm for finding the number of half nodes (nodes with only one child) in the binary tree without using recursion.
Given two binary trees, return true if they are structurally identical.
Give an algorithm for finding the diameter of the binary tree. The diameter of a tree (sometimes called the width) is the number of nodes on the longest path between two leaves in the tree.
Give an algorithm for finding the level that has the maximum sum in the binary tree.
Given a binary tree, print out all its root-to-leaf paths.
Give an algorithm for checking the existence of path with given sum. That means, given a sum, check whether there exists a path from root to any of the nodes.
Give an algorithm for finding the sum of all elements in binary tree.
Can we solve Problem-22 without recursion?
Give an algorithm for converting a tree to its mirror. Mirror of a tree is another tree with left and right children of all non-leaf nodes interchanged. The trees below are mirrors to each other.
Given two trees, give an algorithm for checking whether they are mirrors of each other.
Give an algorithm for finding LCA (Least Common Ancestor) of two nodes in a Binary Tree.
Give an algorithm for constructing binary tree from given Inorder and Preorder traversals.
If we are given two traversal sequences, can we construct the binary tree uniquely?
Give an algorithm for printing all the ancestors of a node in a Binary tree. For the tree below, for 7 the ancestors are 1 3 7.
Zigzag Tree Traversal: Give an algorithm to traverse a binary tree in Zigzag order. For example, the output for the tree below should be: 1 3 2 4 5 6 7
